When we offer a printed publication in our ministry, we try to have a basic knowledge of its contents.
Likewise, when we feature JW.org using publications in our teaching toolbox,
we want to have a basic knowledge of how to find information on the website.
For example, if we offer a contact card and simply say that the website has a lot of good information,
that may not be enough to motivate our listener to visit the site.
But mentioning something specific could peak a person's curiosity.
You could say to the person,
you might be surprised to know that one of the most popular questions answered is,
what does the Bible say about tattoos?
Another is, what does 666 mean?
You too may find the answers interesting.
These articles can be found by typing tattoos or 666 in the search box.
You can also use the website to help people who have specific questions.
For example, where can you find information that would appeal to someone who doubts that God exists?
On the homepage, click Bible teachings, then Science in the Bible.
There you will find interviews and well-documented articles that support the existence of a creator.
Where could you find information that would help an inactive publisher?
To find the brochure, return to Jehovah, type in the search bar, then click the search button.
Or what if someone asks you how our work is financed?
At the top of the homepage, click About Us, then click About Jehovah's Witnesses.
There you will find a link to the article, how is the work of Jehovah's Witnesses financed?
If we can navigate JW.org, we can help people of all sorts to accept the good news.